Kim Jong-un is a North Korean politician serving as Supreme Leader of North Korea since 2011 and also serving as the Chairman of the Workers' Party of Korea since 2012. Kim is the second child of Kim Jong-il and Ko Yong-hui. He is the grandson of Kim Il-sung, who was the first leader of North Korea from 1948 to 1994.

Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin is a Russian politician and former intelligence officer serving as President of Russia since 2012, previously holding the position from 2000 until 2008. In between his presidential terms he was also the Prime Minister of Russia under his close associate Dmitry Medvedev.

Donald John Trump is the 45th and current president of the United States. Before entering politics, he was a businessman and television personality. Trump was born and raised in the New York City borough of Queens and received an economics degree from the Wharton School.

Bradley Charles Cooper is an American actor and filmmaker. He has been nominated for many awards, including seven Academy Awards and a Tony Award, and has won a Grammy Award and a BAFTA Award. Cooper appeared in Forbes Celebrity 100 on two occasions and Time's list of 100 most influential people in the world in 2015.

Walter Bruce Willis is an American actor, producer, and singer. Born to a German mother and American father in Idar-Oberstein, Germany, he moved to the United States with his family in 1957. His career began on the Off-Broadway stage in the 1970s.

Henry Ewan Golding is a British-Malaysian actor, model and television host who has been a presenter on BBC's The Travel Show since 2014. He is best known for his role as Nick Young in Crazy Rich Asians and Sean Townsend in Paul Feig's thriller A Simple Favor.

Keanu Charles Reeves is a Canadian actor, director, producer, and musician. He gained fame for his starring role performances in several blockbuster films.

Leonardo Wilhelm DiCaprio is an American actor, film producer, and environmentalist. He has been nominated for six Academy Awards, four British Academy Film Awards and nine Screen Actors Guild Awards, winning one of each award from them and three Golden Globe Awards from eleven nominations.

Benedict Timothy Carlton Cumberbatch CBE is an English actor who has performed in film, television, theatre and radio. A graduate of the Victoria University of Manchester, he continued his training at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art, obtaining a Master of Arts in Classical Acting.

Dwayne Douglas Johnson, also known by his ring name The Rock, is an American actor, producer, and semi-retired professional wrestler. Johnson was a college football player for the University of Miami, with whom he won a national championship in 1991.

George Timothy Clooney is an American actor, filmmaker and businessman. He is the recipient of three Golden Globe Awards and two Academy Awards, one for acting in Syriana and the other for co-producing Argo. In 2018, he was the recipient of the AFI Lifetime Achievement Award, at the age of 57.

Thomas Cruise is an American actor and producer. Primarily known for his work in action films for which he performs risky stunts, he has also received several accolades for more dramatic work, including three Golden Globe Awards and nominations for three Academy Awards.

Willard Carroll Smith II is an American actor, rapper and media personality. In April 2007, Newsweek called him "the most powerful actor in Hollywood". Smith has been nominated for five Golden Globe Awards and two Academy Awards, and has won four Grammy Awards.

Floyd Joy Mayweather Jr. is an American professional boxing promoter and former professional boxer. He competed from 1996 to 2007 and 2009 to 2015, and made a one-fight comeback in 2017.

Conor Anthony McGregor is an Irish professional mixed martial artist and boxer. He is the former Ultimate Fighting Championship featherweight and lightweight champion.

Emily Jean "Emma" Stone is an American actress. The recipient of numerous accolades, including an Oscar, a BAFTA Award, and a Golden Globe Award, she was the highest-paid actress in the world in 2017.

Jennifer Shrader Lawrence is an American actress. Her films have grossed over $5.7 billion worldwide, and she was the highest-paid actress in the world in 2015 and 2016. Lawrence appeared in Time's 100 most influential people in the world list in 2013 and in the Forbes Celebrity 100 list in 2014 and 2016.

Chloë Grace Moretz is an American actress and model. She began acting at age six, with early roles in the supernatural horror film The Amityville Horror, the drama series Desperate Housewives, and etc.

Scarlett Ingrid Johansson is an American actress and singer. Johansson is the world's highest-paid actress, has made multiple appearances in the Forbes Celebrity 100, and has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Amanda Michelle Seyfried is an American actress, model, and singer-songwriter. She began her career as a model when she was 11 and her acting career at 15 with recurring parts on the soap operas As the World Turns and All My Children. In 2004, Seyfried made her film debut in the teen comedy Mean Girls.

Jessica Marie Alba is an American actress and businesswoman. She began her television and movie appearances at age 13 in Camp Nowhere and The Secret World of Alex Mack, but rose to prominence at 19, as the lead actress of the television series Dark Angel, for which she received a Golden Globe nomination.

Angelina Jolie is an American actress, filmmaker, and humanitarian. The recipient of such accolades as an Academy Award and three Golden Globe Awards, she has been named Hollywood's highest-paid actress multiple times.

Kristen Jaymes Stewart is an American actress, model and director. She is the recipient of several accolades, including a César Award, making her the first American woman to win it. Her films have grossed over $4.3 billion worldwide, and she was the highest-paid actress in the world in 2010 and 2012.

Emma Charlotte Duerre Watson is an English actress and model. Born in Paris and brought up in Oxfordshire, Watson attended the Dragon School and trained as an actress at the Oxford branch of Stagecoach Theatre Arts.

Natalie Portman is a film actress, producer, writer, and director with dual Israeli and American citizenship. She is the recipient of various accolades, including an Academy Award and two Golden Globe Awards. Portman made her feature film debut as Mathilda, the young protégée of a hitman, in Léon: The Professional.

Julia Fiona Roberts is an American actress and producer. She became a Hollywood star after headlining the romantic comedy Pretty Woman, which grossed $464 million worldwide.

Jennifer Joanna Aniston is an American actress, film producer, and businesswoman. The daughter of actors John Aniston and Nancy Dow, she began working as an actress at an early age with an uncredited role in the 1987 film Mac and Me.

Milena Markovna "Mila" Kunis is an American actress. In 1991, at the age of seven, she moved from Soviet Ukraine to the United States with her family. After being enrolled in acting classes as an after-school activity, she was soon discovered by an agent.

Kimberly Noel Kardashian West is an American media personality, businesswoman, socialite, and model. Kardashian first gained media attention as a friend and stylist of Paris Hilton, but received wider notice after a 2003 sex tape with her former boyfriend Ray J was leaked in 2007.

Cameron Michelle Diaz is a retired American actress, writer, and model. She has frequently appeared in comedies throughout her career, while also earning critical recognition in dramatic films.
